## Create a self signed SSL Certificate and private key:
`sudo openssl req -x509 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout nginx-selfsigned.key -out nginx-selfsigned.crt`

You will be asked a series of questions. Before we go over that, let’s take a look at what is happening in the command we are issuing:
- **openssl**: This is the basic command line tool for creating and managing OpenSSL certificates, keys, and other files.
- **req**: This subcommand specifies that we want to use X.509 certificate signing request (CSR) management. The “X.509” is a public key infrastructure standard that SSL and TLS adheres to for its key and certificate management. We want to create a new X.509 cert, so we are using this subcommand.
- **-x509**: This further modifies the previous subcommand by telling the utility that we want to make a self-signed certificate instead of generating a certificate signing request, as would normally happen.
- **-nodes**: This tells OpenSSL to skip the option to secure our certificate with a passphrase. We need Nginx to be able to read the file, without user intervention, when the server starts up. A passphrase would prevent this from happening because we would have to enter it after every restart.
- **-days 365**: This option sets the length of time that the certificate will be considered valid. We set it for one year here.
- **-newkey rsa:2048**: This specifies that we want to generate a new certificate and a new key at the same time. We did not create the key that is required to sign the certificate in a previous step, so we need to create it along with the certificate. The `rsa:2048` portion tells it to make an RSA key that is 2048 bits long.
- **-keyout**: This line tells OpenSSL where to place the generated private key file that we are creating.
- **-out**: This tells OpenSSL where to place the certificate that we are creating.




## Configuration of Nginx for https and httpv2
in the server context:
`listen 443 ssl http2;`
`ssl_certificate <certificate path>;`
`ssl_certificate_key <certificate key path>;`


https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-create-a-self-signed-ssl-certificate-for-nginx-in-ubuntu-16-04

