1. Disable SSL and use TLS only:
	- `ssl_protocols TLSv1 TLSv1.1 TLSv1.2`
2. Set which cipher suits should be used by TLS to encrypt connection:
	- `ssl_prefer_server_ciphers on`
	- Suits to be used and not be used (starting with "!" is not to be used):
		- `ssl_ciphers ECDH+AESGCM:ECDH+AES256:ECDH+AES128:DH+3DES:!ADH:!AECDH:!MD5`
3. Enable Diffie-Hellman key exchange:
	- `ssl_dhparam /etc/nginx/ssl/dhparam.pem;` (or any other preferred location)
	- generate `dhparam` file:
		- `openssl dhparam -out /etc/nginx/dhparam.pem 2048`
4. Enable HSTS or strict transport security: (This is a header that tells the browser not to load anything over http protocol)
	- `add_header Strict-Transport-Security "max-age=31536000" always;` (one year in seconds)
5. Enable a cache for ssl connections. This allows the browser to cache handshakes for a set amount of time, improving ssl connection time.
	- `ssl_session_cache shared:SSL:40m;`
		- First argument is the cache type.
			- There is two types of cache: `builtin` or `shared`.
			- `default` is limited to specific worker process. Really not very useful.
			- `shared` cache type is stored in the memory and can be accessed by any worker process.
		- Second one is the name of the cache or memory zone.
		- Third one is the size of the cache. 40m being 40MB which is decent for any regular sites.
	- `ssl_session_timeout 4h;`
	- `ssl_session_tickets on;`
		- In order to use the session cache without actually having  the server access the cache, this `ssl_session_tickets` is enabled.
		- This basically means provide the browser with a ticket which validates the ssl session and this ticket is issued by server and allows us to bypass using the session cache.
