https://www.nginx.com/blog/rate-limiting-nginx/

The [`limit_req_zone`](http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_limit_req_module.html#limit_req_zone) directive defines the parameters for rate limiting while [`limit_req`](http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_limit_req_module.html#limit_req) enables rate limiting within the context where it appears (in the example, for all requests to **/login/**).

The `limit_req_zone` directive is typically defined in the `http` block, making it available for use in multiple contexts. It takes the following three parameters:

- **Key** – Defines the request characteristic against which the limit is applied. In the example it is the NGINX variable `$binary_remote_addr`, which holds a binary representation of a client’s IP address. This means we are limiting each unique IP address to the request rate defined by the third parameter. (We’re using this variable because it takes up less space than the string representation of a client IP address, `$remote_addr`). More of the frequently used key are:
	- `$request_uri` : applies rate limiting based on request url
	- `$server_name`: rate limiting will be applied to request based on the server name
    
- **Zone** – Defines the shared memory zone used to store the state of each IP address and how often it has accessed a request‑limited URL. Keeping the information in shared memory means it can be shared among the NGINX worker processes. The definition has two parts: the zone name identified by the `zone=` keyword, and the size following the colon. State information for about 16,000 IP addresses takes 1 ;megabyte, so our zone can store about 160,000 addresses.
    
    If storage is exhausted when NGINX needs to add a new entry, it removes the oldest entry. If the space freed is still not enough to accommodate the new record, NGINX returns status code `503` `(Service` `Temporarily` `Unavailable)`. Additionally, to prevent memory from being exhausted, every time NGINX creates a new entry it removes up to two entries that have not been used in the previous 60 seconds.
    
- **Rate** – Sets the maximum request rate. In the example, the rate cannot exceed 10 requests per second. NGINX actually tracks requests at millisecond granularity, so this limit corresponds to 1 request every 100 milliseconds (ms). Because we are not allowing for bursts (see the [next section](https://www.nginx.com/blog/rate-limiting-nginx/#bursts)), this means that a request is rejected if it arrives less than 100ms after the previous permitted one.

The `limit_req_zone` directive sets the parameters for rate limiting and the shared memory zone, but it does not actually limit the request rate. For that you need to apply the limit to a specific `location` or `server` block by including a `limit_req` directive there. In the example, we are rate limiting requests to **/login/**.

So now each unique IP address is limited to 10 requests per second for **/login/** – or more precisely, cannot make a request for that URL within 100ms of its previous one.